# rigratz-linkedin
This is my repository for use with my LinkedIn profile. The supplied projects vary in complexity, but are designed to show an ability and willingness to work with multiple programming languages. It contains:

2048 AI- I had an assignment in my Artificial Intelligence class to create an AI capable of completing the game 2048. Game code was supplied and I was only responsible for functions in the agent.js file. It's core strategy uses the Expectimax algorithm, but I mixed it with a MonteCarlo simulation the farther it goes down the game tree in order to trim and allow it to look more moves ahead in the game. Not only is my AI capable of reaching 2048 with a high success rate, but it frequently achieves the 4096 tile (and gets dangerously close to 8192). This is also included to show I can work with Javascript.

Blackjack- A very simple Blackjack simulator. I recently discovered that I like Python quite a bit and was looking for a fairly easy program to do that still uses some not-so-basic techniques to get better aclimated with the language. It is not fully robust (doesn't loop, can't split/double down/insurance, etc) but does contain multiple classes that interact with each other. I plan to continue to work on this in the future.

PowerPaint- One of my classes had an assignment where we were to develop a paint program from scratch using Java, and this was my result. Uses java graphics, GUI elements, and polymorphism. This is one of the biggest programs written from scratch in the UWT CSS program, as most other large-scale projects were either done in groups or came with supplied starter code.

Tetris- A tetris clone in Java. I won't claim that the graphical inteface is necessarily pretty (I'm not well versed in computer graphics yet), and the game logic was supplied for the project, but it still shows an ability to work within the framework of existing code. It also features a custom recording of the classic Tetris theme as a way to incorporate my passion for music into my programs.
